Hey mama, don't you treat me wrong
Come and love your daddy all night long
All right now, hey, hey, all right

See the girl with the diamond ring
She knows how to shake that thing
All right now, hey, hey, hey, hey

Tell your mama, tell your pa
I'm going to sing you back to Arkansas
Oh yes ma'am
You don't do right, don't do right

When you see me in misery, come on baby see about me
Now yeah, all right, all right
Aw play it boy

When you see me in misery, come on baby see about me
Now yeah, hey, hey, all right

See the girl with the red dress on
She can do the birdland all night long

Yeah yeah, what'd I say
All right
Well, tell me what'd I say, tell me what'd I say right now
Tell me what'd I say, tell me what'd I say right now
Tell me what'd I say, tell me what'd I say

And I wanna know
Baby I wanna know right now
And-a I wanna know
And I wanna know right now yeah
And-a I wanna know
Said I wanna know yeah

Hey, don't quit now! (c'mon honey)
Uh-uh Naw, What? What's that? I say, what's that?
One time? alright

Hey (hey) ho (ho) hey (hey) ho (ho) hey (hey) ho (ho)
Oh one more time (just one more time)
Say it one more time right now (just one more time)
Say it one more time now (just one more time)
Say it one more time yeah (just one more time)
Say it one more time (just one more time)
Say it one more time yeah (just one more time)

Hey (hey) ho (ho) hey (hey) ho (ho) hey (hey) ho (ho)
Ah! Make me feel so good (make me feel so good)
Make me feel so good now yeah (make me feel so good)
Woah! Baby (make me feel so good)
Make me feel so good yeah (make me feel so good)
Make me feel so good (make me feel so good)
Make me feel so good yeah (make me feel so good)
Huh (huh) ho (ho) huh (huh) ho (ho) huh (huh) ho (ho)
Awh it's all right (baby it's all right)
Said that it's all right right now (baby it's all right)
Said that it's all right (baby it's all right)
Said that it's all right yeah (baby it's all right)
Said that it's all right (baby it's all right)
Said that it's all right (baby it's all right)

Woah! Shake that thing now (baby shake that thing)
Baby shake that thing now now (baby shake that thing)
Baby shake that thing (baby shake that thing)
Baby shake that thing right now (baby shake that thing)
Baby shake that thing (baby shake that thing)
Baby shake that thing (baby shake that thing)
Woah! I feel all right now yeah (make me feel all right)
Said I feel all right now (make me feel all right)
Woooah! (make me feel all right)
Tell you I feel all right (make me feel all right)
Said I feel all right (make me feel all right)
Baby I feel all right (make me feel all right)



Read more: Ray Charles - What'd I Say (Live Berlin) 1962 Lyrics | MetroLyrics 